Sara there's something I gotta tell you
well that's not you need to talk to you
to you first this morning
I'm pregnant the nation's top critics
agree Wonderboys is a comic Dazzler I
just got my hood jumped on with a
pitch-perfect cast and it sound like
anyone we know Michael Douglas stars in
one of his best and most surprising
performances as a problem don't touch it
Tobey Maguire is impressively subtle we
now must be recognized as the
outstanding 20-something actor where
exactly are we going see my wife on the
Left Frances McDormand is glorious
I'm sort of helping through some issues
hey lucky Robert Downey jr. has never
acted with more comics kill him nice
creme miss Gaskill katie holmes acts
with fire come on Pete I want you to
dance with me from the director of LA
Confidential director Curtis Hanson not
only understands the jokes he knows how
to place them in this handsomely melted
graceful production just wanted to stay
with you for a little while I'm a
teacher James Paramount Pictures and
mutual film company invite you to
rediscover the wonder of it all
I lost a wife today are you fine another
should be young beautiful who's our
Wonder Boys is too epic man that what we
all want
one nutty ride this movie is pure
pleasure Wonder Boys
[Music]